{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl
\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times;
\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
\f3\ftech\fcharset2 Symbol;
}
{\colortbl
;
\red127\green255\blue212;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red190\green190\blue190;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red50\green205\blue50;
\red176\green48\blue96;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red85\green107\blue47;
\red160\green32\blue240;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red192\green192\blue192;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red255\green255\blue0;
}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listid664038103\listsimple
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0
{\leveltext\'02\'00·;}
{\levelnumbers\'01;}
\plain\f3\fs20\cf2
}
}
{\list\listid456951786\listsimple
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0
{\leveltext\'02\'00·;}
{\levelnumbers\'01;}
\plain\f3\fs20\cf2
}
}
{\list\listid390506479\listsimple
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0
{\leveltext\'02\'00·;}
{\levelnumbers\'01;}
\plain\f3\fs20\cf2
}
}
}
{\*\listoverridetable
{\listoverride\listid664038103\listoverridecount0\ls1}
{\listoverride\listid456951786\listoverridecount0\ls2}
{\listoverride\listid390506479\listoverridecount0\ls3}
}
{\info
{\*\userprops
{\propname creator}\proptype30
{\staticval XMLmind FO Converter}
}
}
\facingp\fet0\ftnbj
\sectd
\pghsxn15840\pgwsxn12240
\margtsxn1080\margbsxn864\marglsxn864\margrsxn864
\headery1080
\pgncont\pgndec
{\footerr
\pard
{\plain\f0\fs16\cf2
Brian T. Rice - Résumé - page 
}
{\plain\f0\fs16\cf2
\chpgn
}
\par
}
{\footerl
\pard
{\plain\f0\fs16\cf2
Brian T. Rice - Résumé - page 
}
{\plain\f0\fs16\cf2
\chpgn
}
\par
}
\pard\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\b\cf2
Brian T. Rice
}
\par
\pard\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
3848 NE 87th St.
}
\par
\pard\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Seattle
}
\par
\pard\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
WA
}
\par
\pard\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
98115-3733
}
\par
\pard\sb80\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Phone:
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
 206.697.5489
}
\par
\pard\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Email:
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
 BrianTRice@gmail.com
}
\par
\pard\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
URL:
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
 http://briantrice.com/
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150
{\plain\f1\fs20\b\cf2
Professional Objective
}
\par
\pard\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
I want to participate in new and innovative projects in software product or web services design and development, whether in a startup company or spin-off environment.
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150
{\plain\f1\fs20\b\cf2
Employment History
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\b\cf2
Owner
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
LOGOS Research and Development
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
 (Seattle, WA)
}
\par
\pard\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
May 2002–Present
}
\par
\pard\sb80\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Design, development, and testing of "Clean Slate" Smalltalk: a new programming language and software architecture intended to integrate and improve many disparate technologies into one coherent whole. This will constitute a new kind of software platform which should eventually be commercially viable.
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\b\cf2
Lead Software Developer
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Activated Content, Inc.
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
 (Seattle, WA)
}
\par
\pard\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
March 2006–August 2006
}
\par
\pard\sb80\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Embedded systems software development for weather and environmental autonomous sensing stations. Maintained, documented, and upgraded legacy code, extensions, configuration management, and product testing.
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\b\cf2
Firmware Developer, as Independent Contractor
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Coastal Environmental Systems
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
 (Seattle, WA)
}
\par
\pard\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
June 2005–October 2005
}
\par
\pard\sb80\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Embedded systems software development for weather and environmental autonomous sensing stations. This involved maintenance, documentation, upgrade of legacy code and extensions, configuration management, debugging, functional testing, and reliability testing of the product.
}
\par
\pard\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Prepared high-level documentation on the overall parameters and design of the product, and developed a set of recommendations for developing the product forward.
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\b\cf2
Data Warehousing Systems Engineer
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Microsoft, Inc., MSN iDSS division (via Volt Information Services)
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
 (Redmond, WA)
}
\par
\pard\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
February 2004–February 2005
}
\par
\pard\sb80\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Developed and operated infrastructure software for performing data-warehousing processing and validation. Deployed, troubleshot, and operated data-warehouse pipeline software. Worked with SQL Server/OLAP solutions and web site management. Handled the cataloging and replacement of legacy infrastructure software, managed within SourceSafe version control. Administered SQL Server installations and developed a large management database application for auditing and automation purposes. Worked with multiple MSN organizations in negociating interaction protocols and software deployment issues. Developed clustering and optimized pipeline configurations for robustness and performance.
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Projects:
}
\par
\pard\li870\fi-150\ls1\tx870
{\listtext
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
•
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
\tab
}
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
MSN adCenter
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\b\cf2
Software Design and Research Consultant
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Ibis Information Securities
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
 (Seattle, WA)
}
\par
\pard\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
December 2002–June 2003
}
\par
\pard\sb80\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Consulted in the development of innovative wireless technologies and the software required to manage them. Also consulted in the field of online data-mining in the systems security field. I designed and developed an innovative product using dynamic language technologies.
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\b\cf2
Lead Developer
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
ForeHorseNet, Inc.
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
 (Seattle, WA)
}
\par
\pard\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
February 2001–December 2003
}
\par
\pard\sb80\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Worked with the company founders to develop a coherent technical strategy for the product (online payment system), by evaluating customer requirements, marketing issues, and suitable technologies and budgeting requirements.
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\b\cf2
Nuclear Reactor Technician, Workflow Applications Programmer
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
U.S. Navy
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
 (USS Carl Vinson Bremerton, WA)
}
\par
\pard\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
March 1996–March 2002
}
\par
\pard\sb80\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Electrical and electronics troubleshooting and repair, supervision and training, database applications programmer and administrator for the coordination of hundreds of work activities and information management. Managed a working group for equipment maintenance for over 2 years. Managed a system for equipment Quality Assurance, vibration monitoring, and software management for 2 years.
}
\par
\pard\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Designed, developed, and deployed a database client-server application for coordinating and scheduling activities and their dependencies for the nuclear and engineering sections of the ship as well as its associated shipyard activity. Outlined software requirements, met with several entities, collected feedback from pre- and post-deployment usage, and studied existing systems in effect. The system operated daily with several hundred users, with layers of authorization and up to a dozen concurrent users in normal operation, along with an extensive reporting facility and mechanisms in place for assuring data accuracy and transaction logging.
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Projects:
}
\par
\pard\li870\fi-150\ls2\tx870
{\listtext
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
•
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
\tab
}
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Iraq "No-Fly Zone" Enforcement
}
\par
\pard\li870\fi-150\ls2\tx870
{\listtext
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
•
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
\tab
}
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Initial Response in Afghanistan to 9/11
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\b\cf2
Engineering Mathematics Lab Administrator
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Texas A&M University Mathematics Department
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
 (College Station, TX)
}
\par
\pard\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
October 1995–March 1996
}
\par
\pard\sb80\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Ran a computing lab for the use of symbolic algebra systems for engineering students of all levels of study. Provided technical support and assistance in making the most out of this software, as well as tutoring in engineering/simulation problem-solving and brainstorming.
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\b\cf2
Independent Tutor in Mathematics and the Sciences
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
(Various)
}
\par
\pard\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
1992–1997
}
\par
\pard\sb80\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Provided tutoring services to fellow students at a competitive rate. Fostered consistent success through highly-approachable explanations of deep technical and conceptual foundations of the field. Marketed entirely through word-of-mouth recommendations.
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\b\cf2
Engineering CAD Draftsman (intern)
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
O'Brien Manufacturing
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
 (Houston, TX)
}
\par
\pard\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
1994–1995
}
\par
\pard\sb80\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Rendered an existing library of technical drawings of their product (high-survivability power plant controls/instrumentation enclosures) and set up environments for 3-D layout of customer equipment in existing and potential products.
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150
{\plain\f1\fs20\b\cf2
Education
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\b\cf2
AS-equivalent coursework in Computer Science and Mathematics
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
, March 1996.
}
\par
\pard\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Completed two years of honors course work in engineering and mathematics, along with much independent study in computer science and mathematics, logic and philosophy.
}
\par
\pard\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Texas A&M University
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\b\cf2
High School Diploma with Honors
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
, May 1995
}
\par
\pard\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Humble High School, TX
}
\par
\pard\sb80\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Overall GPA
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
: 4.7 out of 5.0
}
\par
\pard\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
I am primarily self-educated over the years, accumulating quite a library and using it regularly. I also correspond regularly with post-doctorate researchers on relevant topics.
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150
{\plain\f1\fs20\b\cf2
Security Clearances
}
\par
\pard\sb150\li870\fi-150\ls3\tx870
{\listtext
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
•
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
\tab
}
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Classified
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
, US Navy / US Department of Energy, 1996. FBI background checks.
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150
{\plain\f1\fs20\b\cf2
Systems Software Development
}
\par
\pard\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Programming Language Design (10 years), Domain-Specific Language Design and Implementation (expert), Compiler Implementation (intermediate), Virtual Machine Implementation (4 years), Managed Run-time Implementation (4 years), Formal Methods to Analyze and Simulate Concurrent and Distributed Software Designs (intermediate).
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150
{\plain\f1\fs20\b\cf2
Databases
}
\par
\pard\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Schema Design and Implementation (expert), Schema Analysis and Optimization (intermediate), Query and Stored-Procedure Design and Optimization (expert), Security/Vulnerability Analysis (intermediate), OLAP Cube Management (1 year), MySQL (2 years), PostGreSQL (3 years), Microsoft SQL Server (3 years).
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150
{\plain\f1\fs20\b\cf2
Web Development
}
\par
\pard\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
PHP Programming (intermediate), Semantic HTML/CSS/Javascript presentation/layout/behavior (expert), AJAX-style Web-development (1 year).
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150
{\plain\f1\fs20\b\cf2
Source Control
}
\par
\pard\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Subversion, CVS (expert), DARCS (expert), SourceSafe, SourceDepot, Perforce.
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150
{\plain\f1\fs20\b\cf2
Professional Memberships
}
\par
\pard\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\b\cf2
Member
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Smalltalk Industry Council
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
2002–
}
\par
\pard\sb80\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\b\cf2
Member
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Association of Lisp Users
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
2002–
}
\par
\pard\sb80\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\b\cf2
Lead Researcher, Designer, and Coordinator
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
The TUNES.org project
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
October 1999–
}
\par
\pard\sb80\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Helped re-design the site and its documentation to reflect a broader range of technical research and to separate political from technical goals.
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150
{\plain\f1\fs20\b\cf2
References
}
\par
\pard\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Available upon request.
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150
{\plain\f0\fs16\cf2
Copyright © 2006 by Brian Rice.
}
\par
\pard
{\plain\f0\fs16\cf2
All rights reserved. This document may not be copied or distributed without permission.
}
\par
\pard\sect
}
