{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl
\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times;
\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
\f3\ftech\fcharset2 Symbol;
}
{\colortbl
;
\red127\green255\blue212;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red190\green190\blue190;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red50\green205\blue50;
\red176\green48\blue96;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red85\green107\blue47;
\red160\green32\blue240;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red192\green192\blue192;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red255\green255\blue0;
}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listid664038103\listsimple
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0
{\leveltext\'02\'00·;}
{\levelnumbers\'01;}
\plain\f3\fs20\cf2
}
}
{\list\listid456951786\listsimple
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0
{\leveltext\'02\'00·;}
{\levelnumbers\'01;}
\plain\f3\fs20\cf2
}
}
}
{\*\listoverridetable
{\listoverride\listid664038103\listoverridecount0\ls1}
{\listoverride\listid456951786\listoverridecount0\ls2}
}
{\info
{\*\userprops
{\propname creator}\proptype30
{\staticval XMLmind FO Converter}
}
}
\facingp\fet0\ftnbj
\sectd
\pghsxn15840\pgwsxn12240
\margtsxn1080\margbsxn864\marglsxn864\margrsxn864
\headery1080
\pgncont\pgndec
{\footerr
\pard
{\plain\f0\fs16\cf2
Brian T. Rice - Résumé - page 
}
{\plain\f0\fs16\cf2
\chpgn
}
\par
}
{\footerl
\pard
{\plain\f0\fs16\cf2
Brian T. Rice - Résumé - page 
}
{\plain\f0\fs16\cf2
\chpgn
}
\par
}
\pard\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\b\cf2
Brian T. Rice
}
\par
\pard\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
6512 C 34th Ave. NE
}
\par
\pard\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Seattle WA 98115
}
\par
\pard\sb80\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Phone:
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
 206.697.5489
}
\par
\pard\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Email:
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
 BrianTRice@gmail.com
}
\par
\pard\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
URL:
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
 http://briantrice.com
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150
{\plain\f1\fs20\b\cf2
Professional Objective
}
\par
\pard\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
As a software developer/analyst and programming language expert, I am looking for a position where I can participate in new and innovative projects in software product or web application design and development, whether in a startup company or spin-off environment.
}
\par
\pard\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Having actively pursued experience in a wide variety of programming languages, and developed my own for further investigation, I am unusually capable at identifying powerful abstractions, without being tied to a particular toolset.
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150
{\plain\f1\fs20\b\cf2
Employment History
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\b\cf2
iPhone Software Developer
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Various, on contract
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
 (Seattle, WA)
}
\par
\pard\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
September 2008–Present
}
\par
\pard\sb80\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Worked with Proximi.com (MagicPad and two unreleased iPhone geo-apps) and other iPhone vendors on client-server applications. Responsibilities included development, testing, and debugging in Objective-C, Gemstone/S, and Erlang/OTP. I also have my own application in development which is photography- and internet-centric. I have participated in local iPhone developer meetings including XCoders.
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\b\cf2
Software Development Consultant
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
211 LA County
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
 (Seattle, WA) (Los Angeles, CA)
}
\par
\pard\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
April 2007–September 2008
}
\par
\pard\sb80\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Implemented revamped core operations software for 211 information and referral hotline for social services in a small team of contractors. Responsibilities ranged from the front-end to the back-end, and included consultation with the client on design, deployment, and configuration issues. Conducted both interactive and double-blind user tests, and implemented a regular delivery schedule soliciting structured feedback. The product is an in-house web application that relies heavily on AJAX programming and keyboard navigability for interaction efficiency.
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\b\cf2
Owner
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
LOGOS Research and Development
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
 (Seattle, WA)
}
\par
\pard\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
May 2002–Present
}
\par
\pard\sb80\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Design, development, and testing of "Clean Slate" Smalltalk: a new programming language and software architecture intended to integrate and improve many disparate technologies into one coherent whole.
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\b\cf2
Lead Software Developer
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Activated Content, Inc.
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
 (Seattle, WA)
}
\par
\pard\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
March 2006–August 2006
}
\par
\pard\sb80\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Digital forensic audio watermarking software research, planning and development for a startup-level effort to expand into non-forensic markets. Provided a sound technical product and services basis for deals with major music and media production companies to innovate in the digital music marketplace. Revamped an existing product line to support a wider market.
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\b\cf2
Firmware Developer, as Independent Contractor
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Coastal Environmental Systems
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
 (Seattle, WA)
}
\par
\pard\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
June 2005–October 2005
}
\par
\pard\sb80\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Embedded systems software development for weather and environmental autonomous sensing stations. This involved maintenance, documentation, upgrade of legacy code and extensions, configuration management, debugging, functional testing, documentation, and reliability testing of the product. Prepared high-level documentation on the overall parameters and design of the product, and developed a set of recommendations for moving the product forward.
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\b\cf2
Data Warehousing Systems Engineer
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Microsoft, Inc., MSN iDSS division (via Volt Information Services)
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
 (Redmond, WA)
}
\par
\pard\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
February 2004–February 2005
}
\par
\pard\sb80\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Deployed, troubleshot, and operated data-warehouse ETL pipelines. Catalogued and replaced legacy infrastructure software. Administered SQL Server/OLAP installations and developed a database application for auditing and automation. Negotiated with multiple MSN organizations on interaction protocols and software deployment issues. Developed clustering and optimized pipeline configurations for robustness and performance.
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Projects:
}
\par
\pard\li870\fi-150\ls1\tx870
{\listtext
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
•
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
\tab
}
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
MSN adCenter
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\b\cf2
Software Design and Research Consultant
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Ibis Information Securities
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
 (Seattle, WA)
}
\par
\pard\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
December 2002–June 2003
}
\par
\pard\sb80\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Consulted in the development of innovative wireless technologies and the software required to manage them. Also consulted in the field of online data-mining in the systems security field. I designed and developed an innovative product using dynamic language technologies.
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\b\cf2
Lead Developer
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
ForeHorseNet, Inc.
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
 (Seattle, WA)
}
\par
\pard\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
February 2001–December 2003
}
\par
\pard\sb80\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Worked with the company founders to develop a coherent technical strategy for the product (online payment system), by evaluating customer requirements, marketing issues, and suitable technologies and budgeting requirements.
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150
{\plain\f1\fs20\b\cf2
Education
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\b\cf2
US Navy Nuclear Reactor Engineer Certification in Electronics and Power Distribution
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
, December 1997
}
\par
\pard\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Naval Nuclear Power School
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\b\cf2
AS-equivalent coursework in Computer Science and Mathematics
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
, March 1996.
}
\par
\pard\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Completed two years of honors course work in engineering and mathematics, along with much independent study in computer science and mathematics, logic and philosophy.
}
\par
\pard\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Texas A&M University
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\b\cf2
High School Diploma with Honors
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
, May 1995
}
\par
\pard\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Humble High School, TX
}
\par
\pard\sb80\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Overall GPA
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
: 4.7 out of 5.0
}
\par
\pard\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
I am primarily self-educated over the years, accumulating quite a library and using it regularly. I also correspond regularly with post-doctorate researchers on relevant topics.
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150
{\plain\f1\fs20\b\cf2
Security Clearances
}
\par
\pard\sb150\li870\fi-150\ls2\tx870
{\listtext
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
•
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
\tab
}
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Classified
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
, US Navy / US Department of Energy, 1996. FBI background checks.
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150
{\plain\f1\fs20\b\cf2
Systems Software Development
}
\par
\pard\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Programming Language Design (10 years), Domain-Specific Language Design and Implementation (expert), Compiler Implementation (intermediate), Virtual Machine Implementation (4 years), Managed Run-time Implementation (4 years), Formal Methods to Analyze and Simulate Concurrent and Distributed Software Designs (intermediate).
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150
{\plain\f1\fs20\b\cf2
Programming Languages
}
\par
\pard\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
C++/STL/Boost (expert), Java (J2SE) (beginner), C#/.NET Framework (1 year), Perl, Python, PHP5 (4 years), XML, XSLT, XSL-FO, XML for resumes (3 years), Javascript, Prototype/Scriptaculous AJAX toolkits (2 years).
}
\par
\pard\sb80\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Advanced: 
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Squeak Smalltalk (expert), Dolphin Smalltalk, Common Lisp (CMUCL/SBCL/OpenMCL), Scheme (Guile/Bigloo/DrScheme), Ruby (1 year).
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150
{\plain\f1\fs20\b\cf2
Databases
}
\par
\pard\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Schema Design and Implementation (expert), Schema Analysis and Optimization (intermediate), Query and Stored-Procedure Design and Optimization (expert), Security/Vulnerability Analysis (intermediate).
}
\par
\pard\sb80\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Implementations: 
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
MySQL (2 years), PostGreSQL (4 years), Microsoft SQL Server (3 years), SQL Server OLAP Cube Management (1 year).
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150
{\plain\f1\fs20\b\cf2
Web Development
}
\par
\pard\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
PHP5 (intermediate), Semantic HTML/CSS/Javascript presentation/layout/behavior (3 years), AJAX programming with Prototype/Scriptaculous toolkit, design/interaction patterns (2 years).
}
\par
\pard\sb80\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Advanced Frameworks: 
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Seaside (Squeak) (intermediate), Uncommon Web (Common Lisp) (intermediate), Ruby on Rails (1 year).
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150
{\plain\f1\fs20\b\cf2
Source Management
}
\par
\pard\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Revision Control: 
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Subversion, CVS, DARCS (expert), git, SourceSafe, SourceDepot, Perforce.
}
\par
\pard\sb80\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Documentation: 
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Doxygen (3 years), Trac, MediaWiki (including administration), UML diagram authoring.
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150
{\plain\f1\fs20\b\cf2
Systems Administration
}
\par
\pard\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Linux/FreeBSD/Unix (intermediate), Win2k/XP/2003 (intermediate).
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150
{\plain\f1\fs20\b\cf2
Professional Memberships
}
\par
\pard\sb150\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\b\cf2
Co-Founder, Core Participant
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Saturday House
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
2007––Present
}
\par
\pard\sb80\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\b\cf2
Participant, Initial Board Member
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Six-Hour Startup
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
2007––Present
}
\par
\pard\sb80\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\b\cf2
Organizer, Planner
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Seattle Mind Camp
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
2005–
}
\par
\pard\sb80\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\b\cf2
Member
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Smalltalk Industry Council
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
2002–
}
\par
\pard\sb80\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\b\cf2
Member
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Association of Lisp Users
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
2002–
}
\par
\pard\sb80\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\b\cf2
Lead Researcher, Designer, and Coordinator
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
The TUNES.org project
}
\par
\pard\keepn\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
October 1999–
}
\par
\pard\sb80\li720
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Helped re-design the site and its documentation to reflect a broader range of technical research and to separate political from technical goals.
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb150
{\plain\f1\fs20\b\cf2
References
}
\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs15
\par
\trowd\trleft720
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clvertalt
\cellx6759
\clpadfb3\clpadb100
\clvertalt
\cellx9532
\pard\intbl
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Tony Galuhn
}
\par
\pard\intbl
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Phone:
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
 619.846.1939
}
\par
\pard\intbl
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Email:
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
 tgaluhn@cox.net
}
\cell
\pard\intbl
\cell
\row
\trowd\trleft720
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clvertalt
\cellx6759
\clpadfb3\clpadb100
\clvertalt
\cellx9532
\pard\intbl
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Joseph Brothers
}
\par
\pard\intbl
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Phone:
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
 206.550.5145
}
\par
\pard\intbl
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Email:
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
 brothers@halcyon.com
}
\cell
\pard\intbl
\cell
\row
\trowd\trleft720
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clvertalt
\cellx6759
\clpadfb3\clpadb100
\clvertalt
\cellx9532
\pard\intbl
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Aaron Hoffer
}
\par
\pard\intbl
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Software Process Coordinator, T-Mobile
}
\par
\pard\intbl
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Phone:
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
 206.226.4238
}
\par
\pard\intbl
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Email:
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
 aaron@hoffer.org
}
\cell
\pard\intbl
\cell
\row
\trowd\trleft720
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clvertalt
\cellx6759
\clpadfb3\clpadb100
\clvertalt
\cellx9532
\pard\intbl
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Robin Battey
}
\par
\pard\intbl
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
Network/Systems Security Consultant
}
\par
\pard\intbl
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Phone:
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
 206.909.0262
}
\par
\pard\intbl
{\plain\f0\fs20\i\cf2
Email:
}
{\plain\f0\fs20\cf2
 zanfur@zanfur.com
}
\cell
\pard\intbl
\cell
\row
\pard\keepn
{\plain\f0\fs16\cf2
Copyright © 2007-2009 by Brian Rice.
}
\par
\pard
{\plain\f0\fs16\cf2
All rights reserved. This document may not be copied or distributed without permission.
}
\par
\pard\sect
}
